[Feature] QR code quite zone (#3)
kenyoni-software/godot-addons: README.md

  Turn this off when the QR Code changes or is resized often, as it impacts the performance quite heavily.
- `module_px_size: int`  
  Use that many pixel for one module.

> - `quite_zone_size: int`  
>   Use that many modules for the quite zone. A value of 4 is recommend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `quiet_zone_size: int`  
  Use that many modules for the quiet zone. A value of 4 is recommended.
```
